[ServiceBus] Fix forward_to and forward_dead_lettered_messages_to functionality for subscriptions (#15610)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-python: sdk/servicebus/azure-servicebus/CHANGELOG.md

## 7.0.1 (Unreleased)

**BugFixes**

> * `forward_to` and `forward_dead_lettered_messages_to` will no longer cause authorization errors when uses in `ServiceBusAdministrationClient` for subscriptions.

Reviewer: looking at the fix, it works for queue as well
```suggestion
* `forward_to` and `forward_dead_lettered_messages_to` will no longer cause authorization errors when used in `ServiceBusAdministrationClient` for queues and subscriptions.
```
